in this video we will be planning and
shining patent leather but you see it's
kind of dull but it's all right all
right how does even eat his water and a
white t-shirt or towel the first step is
cleaning the patent leather before
signing you just take some water give
the patent leather and simply let the
dirty stuff off when you down take the
dry side wipe it off
okay once you're done with cleaning it
you get some lotion you put in a tiny
little dab right here look at that and
you simply apply to the pet of loving
this and why you take the dry side
simply wipe it off
as you can see like a shinier and
cleaner please comment rate and
subscribe